Add core lib readme and workflow to auto-close PRs (#11354)
mautic/mautic: app/README.md

# Mautic Core-lib repo

## This is a mirror repository of the /app folder of Mautic, and is managed centrally in https://github.com/mautic/mautic/blob/head/app.  This is a read-only mirror repository.

> **📣 Please make PRs and issues against Mautic Core, not here!**

Reviewer: I'm not sure everyone will get what is meant by Mautic Core as this will be in the repository called core-lib so it may be confusing.
```suggestion
**📣 Please make PRs and issues against the [mautic/mautic](https://github.com/mautic/mautic) repository, not here!**
```
